I was born in the middle of it now,
and my family is very big.
Actually,
we were fourteen members,
including my parents when i was young.
I really didn't know much about where my family live.
The only thing it can record now is we're living in near the beast.
A very famous indeed go.
China is where american soldiers during the war.
My father,
what a soldier he found on the front lines way work
only happy to see him on his sword with his home,
especially mine.
Nine months later about the ladies,
we have a new child.
My family eventually moved to south vietnam and were
set off inside.
We live in the tumbling picture,
not far from the cbd that will have a lost soldier.
It's what very good to spend more time.
After i left school adjoins the south vietnamese army.
A year later i was captured by the vehicle.
They kept me in the jungle and brand wants me for exactly three
years.
Two men,
fifteen days and seventeen hours
after my released i walked back to the dog at home.
Everyone in my family.
What's so surprising?
They told i went there.
We're so much the cast some dear letter my dad took
me.
I have to escape from here.
Our family connection to danger my dad and my
brothers and owns up in the style of government and my mother
have been put into re education camp.
It wass ghost land prison.
So i left by.
And what rescue and taken to a refugee camp.
That's where i met my wife.
They had laid no crap from my home.
But we haven't had never meet even through our family.
New charges.
Now we're living in.
We are very happy.
I wish my dad and my mom could be here with you.
Okay.